Update the Docs landing page for the CodeQL docs site (#17361)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/writing-codeql-queries/running-codeql-queries.rst

:tocdepth: 1

.. _running-codeql-queries:

Running CodeQL queries
======================

There are several options available for running one or more CodeQL queries on a codebase. The best option depends on what your aims are.

Work through a CodeQL tutorial
------------------------------

> If you're working through a CodeQL tutorial, the CodeQL extension for Visual Studio Code makes it easy to run the queries in the tutorial. Unless you want to run the query on a specific code base, it's easiest to run queries on one of the many CodeQL databases that are available on GitHub. To get started, see "`Installing CodeQL for Visual Studio Code <https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/codeql-for-vs-code/getting-started-with-codeql-for-vs-code/installing-codeql-for-vs-code>`__".

Reviewer: Slight suggestion to make it a bit more beginner friendly. 

```suggestion
If you're working through a CodeQL tutorial, the CodeQL extension for Visual Studio Code allows you to run the queries in the tutorial. Unless you want to run the query on a specific code base, it's easiest to run queries on one of the many CodeQL databases that are available on GitHub. To get started, see "`Installing CodeQL for Visual Studio Code <https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/codeql-for-vs-code/getting-started-with-codeql-for-vs-code/installing-codeql-for-vs-code>`__".
```

Develop a new CodeQL query
--------------------------

> If you're developing a new query, the CodeQL extension for Visual Studio Code makes it easy to run a query and compare the results with previous runs as you refine the query. The extension also provides autocomplete suggestions, syntax highlighting, and other features that make it easier to write and debug queries. To get started, see "`Installing CodeQL for Visual Studio Code <https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/codeql-for-vs-code/getting-started-with-codeql-for-vs-code/installing-codeql-for-vs-code>`__".

Reviewer: Similar to above. 

```suggestion
If you're developing a new query, the CodeQL extension for Visual Studio Code allows you to run a query and compare the results with previous runs as you refine the query. The extension also provides autocomplete suggestions, syntax highlighting, and other features that make it easier to write and debug queries. To get started, see "`Installing CodeQL for Visual Studio Code <https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/codeql-for-vs-code/getting-started-with-codeql-for-vs-code/installing-codeql-for-vs-code>`__".
```
